Fix collapsible menu item not opening on refresh (#2733)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/curvy-radios-study.md

---
"@comet/admin": patch
---

> Fix collapsible menuitem not open on refresh if child selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open collapsible menu item on refresh if its child or subchild is selected
```
